I was so angry that I felt like I was choking.
I said, what's wrong with you?
He said, I'm sorry.
I was fighting with a friend.
I said, what's wrong with you?
He said, I'm sorry.
I said, I'm sorry.
What's wrong with you?
I ran up from the castle.
I stood up from the top.
I had a lot of water in my eyes.
My face was full of mud, and it ran into my ears.
I opened my eyes, and I didn't see anything.
You're a fool.
I didn't mean that.
I'm not saying anything stupid.
I was so late that I fell.
I said, don't be angry.
You'll be able to hear my background voice.
A lot of부터 and days will pass.
When I tell you our plan, don't wind it.
Bring your drink, and we'll buy it.
We won't buy it.
Where do you want to go?
That's wrong.
Let's go to Sakyagawa.
Where do you want to go?
I don't like him anymore.
Why don't you go to where you live?
You're not going to Sakyagawa to live in Sakyagawa?
You're a fool.
You should have lived in a good house.
You should have lived in a nice neighborhood.
Our neighborhood is different from my children's.
Children's and the elderly.
I said that.
I said that I couldn't help it.
I didn't like it.
I was in the old age.
I was in the middle of my 20s and 30s.
I said that.
In the middle of my 20s and 30s,
I said that we were lucky.
I said that I didn't like it.
We were lucky.
I was in the old age.
I was in the middle of my 20s and 30s.
I said that we were not lucky.
I was in the old age.
In the old age,
we were lucky.
We didn't have to fight and get beaten by someone like us.
He said he'll bring back the old device.
I'm afraid he's not confident.
If he brings back it, he might be in a www.amowned?com.